[MUSIC]
>> Kyle Simpson: Welcome
back everyone to day 2.
I always love seeing the substantially
the same amount of faces on day 2,
means I haven't scared anybody away or
bored anybody to tears.
So, at least we're somewhere in
the middle, being tolerable.
I also hear there is quite a few of
you still in the online stream, so
that's good.
Just as a super quick review for
anybody that's joining us new today,
either in person or online.
I just wanted to make
sure you know who I am.
I am Kyle Simpson known as getify online.
So if you wanna find anything about me,
you can check out my Twitter account there
or the getify.me website
will list everything,
every link that there is to
anything about me publicly.
So you can check that stuff out.
I am independently employed.
I basically for my full time job,
if you will, I teach.
So I travel all over the world
teaching workshops like
the one you've been attending.
Teach them both publicly,
kind of like these.
I also teach corporately.
So if you or your company or
your group would like to hire me and
bring me in to train,
I would love to do that.
So, feel free to do that.
In the time that I'm not
actually working and
training, I do a lot in
the open source world.
So I spend a lot of time doing
open source development.
These are some projects
that I've worked on.
LABjs is a script loader,
grips is a templating engine.
Asynquence which we'll get into today,
again, we talked about yesterday as well,
is a asynchronous flow control kind
of promises like abstraction library.
I do a lot of conference speaking,
these are some of the conference
talks that I've given.
There's [COUGH] videos and
slides and audio recordings of all these
talks from last five or six years.
All up online, you can check out on
speakerdeck or on my lanyard account.
And lastly, I [COUGH] have a series
of books that I've been writing
called You Don't Know JavaScript.
The first one was published
a couple of weeks ago.
That's called Scope and Closures and
that's available for purchase now.
The second one is going into editing or
it's actually already in editing.
It should be finishing
editing pretty soon.
And being published hopefully
within the next few weeks.
That one's called This and
Object Prototypes.
But so both of those were the major topics
that we spent most of yesterday on.
And if you'd like a book that
expounds on that in great detail,
both those books are great to check out.
Also, the entire series, there's
expected five titles in the series,
the whole thing is being written
completely open and free up on GitHub.
So YouDontKnowJS.com will
redirect to the GitHub repo
where all of these writings are.
And I encourage you to check that out and
follow along with the writing,
participate, submit poll requests, submit
issues if you think there are things
that I need to cover more clearly,
or things like that.
So it's actually a community
driven sort of project, and
I really am doing this because I want
people to that are great developers,
that are smart people
that understand things.
I want you to see what it actually takes
to write a book and hopefully that will
empower more people to write better books,
and to write more things in the open.
So the whole process is
being open sourced including
my editor submits review
comments directly on GitHub.
So you can see everything about
the process and what it looks like.
The other stuff you don't see is
like the contract negotiations.
That stuff you gotta do privately,
but other than that,
you can see the whole
process from start to finish.
So, check those things out.